README.md, before:

# XCord Project

## Project Structure

```
xcord/
├── frontend/           # Frontend application
│   ├── css/           # Stylesheets
│   ├── js/            # JavaScript files
│   └── index.html     # Main HTML file
├── services/          # Backend services
│   ├── index.js       # Main server file
│   └── package.json   # Backend dependencies
├── docs/             # Project documentation
└── memory-bank/      # Memory bank files
```

## Docker Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites
- Docker
- Docker Compose

### Quick Start
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/inkbytefo/11.git
   cd 11
   ```

2. Start the development environment:
   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

This will start all services:
- Frontend: http://localhost:8080
- Backend API: http://localhost:3000
- PostgreSQL Database: localhost:5432

### Docker Commands

#### Start Services
```bash
# Start all services
docker-compose up -d

# Start specific service
docker-compose up -d [service_name]
```

#### Stop Services
```bash
# Stop all services
docker-compose down

# Stop and remove volumes (clean state)
docker-compose down -v
```

#### View Logs
```bash
# View all logs
docker-compose logs -f

# View specific service logs
docker-compose logs -f [service_name]
```

#### Rebuild Services
```bash
# Rebuild all services
docker-compose up -d --build

# Rebuild specific service
docker-compose up -d --build [service_name]
```

## Development

- Frontend is accessible at `frontend/index.html`
- Backend API runs on `http://localhost:3000`
- API health check: `http://localhost:3000/api/health`

## Documentation

Refer to the `docs` directory for detailed documentation about:
- Project Overview
- Architecture
- Development Guide
- Testing Strategy
- Deployment Guide
- Improvement Suggestions

Commit message:

Add CI/CD pipeline with GitHub Actions

README.md, after:

# XCord Project

[![CI/CD Pipeline](https://github.com/inkbytefo/11/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/inkbytefo/11/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

## Project Structure

```
xcord/
├── frontend/           # Frontend application
│   ├── css/           # Stylesheets
│   ├── js/            # JavaScript files
│   └── index.html     # Main HTML file
├── services/          # Backend services
│   ├── index.js       # Main server file
│   └── package.json   # Backend dependencies
├── docs/             # Project documentation
└── memory-bank/      # Memory bank files
```

## Docker Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites
- Docker
- Docker Compose

### Quick Start
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/inkbytefo/11.git
   cd 11
   ```

2. Start the development environment:
   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

This will start all services:
- Frontend: http://localhost:8080
- Backend API: http://localhost:3000
- PostgreSQL Database: localhost:5432

### Docker Commands

#### Start Services
```bash
# Start all services
docker-compose up -d

# Start specific service
docker-compose up -d [service_name]
```

#### Stop Services
```bash
# Stop all services
docker-compose down

# Stop and remove volumes (clean state)
docker-compose down -v
```

#### View Logs
```bash
# View all logs
docker-compose logs -f

# View specific service logs
docker-compose logs -f [service_name]
```

#### Rebuild Services
```bash
# Rebuild all services
docker-compose up -d --build

# Rebuild specific service
docker-compose up -d --build [service_name]
```

## Development

- Frontend is accessible at `frontend/index.html`
- Backend API runs on `http://localhost:3000`
- API health check: `http://localhost:3000/api/health`

## CI/CD Pipeline

The project uses GitHub Actions for continuous integration and deployment:

- **Frontend Checks:**
  - Linting with ESLint
  - Unit tests with Jest
  
- **Backend Checks:**
  - Linting with ESLint
  - Unit tests with Jest
  - Docker image build

- **Integration:**
  - Docker Compose build
  - Health check verification

The pipeline runs automatically on:
- Every push to main branch
- Every pull request to main branch

## Documentation

Refer to the `docs` directory for detailed documentation about:
- Project Overview
- Architecture
- Development Guide
- Testing Strategy
- Deployment Guide
- Improvement Suggestions
